Add release policy doc (#89)
BerkeleyLab/caffeine: docs/README-release.md

README-release.md
========

> Conventions for Caffeine Releases

Reviewer: My thought was not such much a "convention" as a step-by-step release procedure that helps to prevent accidental omissions. 

In my other projects I usually print out this file and literally check off each step with a pen as I complete it.

```suggestion
Release Procedure for Caffeine
```

-------------
1. Nominate a Release Manager with primary responsibility for ensuring each step in this
   procedure is followed
2. Ensure there are no open issues marked with `complete-before-release` label
3. Validate correctness testing has been performed across all supported systems and supported
   versions of external dependencies
4. Update all instances of the copyright year embedded in: [LICENSE.txt](../LICENSE.txt),
   [fpm.toml (created by install.sh)](../install.sh)
5. Update all instances of the release package version number embedded in: [fpm.toml (created by install.sh)](../install.sh),
   [install.sh](../install.sh)

> 6. Update the author list embedded in: [fpm.toml(created by install.sh)](../install.sh)

Reviewer: I think most of the toml inputs are actually need to be updated in manifest/fpm.toml.template (which is read by install)

```suggestion
4. Update all instances of the copyright year embedded in: [LICENSE.txt](../LICENSE.txt),
   [manifest/fpm.toml.template](../manifest/fpm.toml.template)
5. Update all instances of the release package version number embedded in: [manifest/fpm.toml.template](../manifest/fpm.toml.template) and
   [install.sh](../install.sh)
6. Update the author list embedded in: [manifest/fpm.toml.template](../manifest/fpm.toml.template)
```

Author: Great catch @bonachea! Thanks!
